refactor(typography): should be set explicitly by the user (#9148)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

### Themes:
- Breaking Changes:
    - `IgxButton` theme has been simplified. The number of theme params (`igx-button-theme`) has been reduced significantly and no longer includes prefixed parameters (`flat-*`, `raised-*`, etc.). See the migration guide to update existing button themes. Updates performed with `ng update` will migrate existing button themes but some additional tweaking may be required to account for the abscense of prefixed params.

>     - The `igx-typography` mixin is no longer implicitly included in the `igx-core`. To use our typography users have to include it implicitly: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `igx-typography` mixin is no longer implicitly included with `igx-core`. To use our typography styles users have to include the mixin implicitly: 
```

    
    ```html
    @include igx-core();

>     @include igx-typography($font-family: $indigo-typeface, $type-scale: $indigo-type-scale);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Example with Indigo Design theme:
    @include igx-typography($font-family: $indigo-typeface, $type-scale: $indigo-type-scale);
```

### Themes:
- Breaking Changes:
    - `IgxButton` theme has been simplified. The number of theme params (`igx-button-theme`) has been reduced significantly and no longer includes prefixed parameters (`flat-*`, `raised-*`, etc.). See the migration guide to update existing button themes. Updates performed with `ng update` will migrate existing button themes but some additional tweaking may be required to account for the abscense of prefixed params.

>     - The `igx-typography` mixin is no longer implicitly included with `igx-core`. To use our typography styles users have to include the mixin implicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `igx-typography` mixin is no longer implicitly included with `igx-core`. To use our typography styles users have to include the mixin explicitly:
```
